# Breast-cancer-detection
  Breast cancer (BC) is the malignant tumor that is activated in the cells of the breast. A tumor has the potential to spread to other parts of the body. British Columbia is a universal disease that devastates the lives of women aged 25 to 50. With the potential increase in the number of ML cases in India, the need is alarming. Over the past five years, BC patient survival rates  are around 90% in the United States and around 60% in India. British Columbia's forecasts for India in 2020 suggest the number could reach two million.
  As such, there is no preventive mechanism for CB, but early detection can dramatically improve outcomes. In addition, it can also significantly reduce the cost of  treatment. However, sometimes it is unusual to show symptoms of cancer, so early detection is difficult. It is essential to use mammograms and self-breast tests to detect any irregularities early  before the tumor progresses.
<h3>Machine learning approaches used:</h3>
  <h4>Logistic Regression:</h4>
    A statistical analysis method used to predict a data value based on previous observations of a data set. Logistical regression has become an important tool in the discipline of machine learning. This approach allows an algorithm  used in a machine learning application to classify incoming data based on historical data. As more relevant data comes in, the algorithm should improve to predict classifications within data sets. Logistic regression can also play a role in data preparation activities by allowing data sets to be placed in specifically predefined compartments during the Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) process  to prepare the information for analysis.
  <h4>Cap Curve</h4>
    A cumulative precision profile is a concept used in data science to visualize the power of discrimination. The WTP of a model represents the cumulative number of positive results along the y-axis versus the corresponding cumulative number of a classification parameter along the x-axis. The output is called the CAP curve.
